{\rtf \li720 \fi-720 \sl240 \slmult1 \sa0 Azimian, Amin, and Alireza Azimian. 2024. \uc0\u8220{}Impact of Areal Factors on Students\uc0\u8217{} Travel Mode Choices: A Bayesian Spatial Analysis.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Econometrics} 12 (4): 30. https://doi.org/10.3390/econometrics12040030.\
De Angelis, Marco, Luca Mantecchini, and Luca Pietrantoni. 2021. \uc0\u8220{}A Cluster Analysis of University Commuters: Attitudes, Personal Norms and Constraints, and Travel Satisfaction.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}International Journal of Environmental Research and Public Health} 18 (9): 4592. https://doi.org/10.3390/ijerph18094592.\
Delmelle, Eric M., and Elizabeth Cahill Delmelle. 2012. \uc0\u8220{}Exploring Spatio-Temporal Commuting Patterns in a University Environment.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Transport Policy} 21 (May):1\uc0\u8211{}9. https://doi.org/10.1016/j.tranpol.2011.12.007.\
Engelen, Lina, Erika Bohn-Goldbaum, Melanie Crane, Martin Mackey, and Chris Rissel. 2019. \uc0\u8220{}Longer, More Active Commute, but Still Not Very Active: Five-Year Physical Activity and Travel Behavior Change in a University Population.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}International Journal of Environmental Research and Public Health} 16 (13): 2420. https://doi.org/10.3390/ijerph16132420.\
Kalayci Onac, Ayse, Mehmet Cetin, Hakan Sevik, Pinar Orman, Ahenk Karci, and Gokce Gonullu Sutcuoglu. 2021. \uc0\u8220{}Rethinking the Campus Transportation Network in the Scope of Ecological Design Principles: Case Study of Izmir Katip \uc0\u199{}elebi University \uc0\u199{}i\uc0\u287{}li Campus.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Environmental Science and Pollution Research} 28 (36): 50847\uc0\u8211{}66. https://doi.org/10.1007/s11356-021-14299-2.\
Khattak, Asad, Xin Wang, Sanghoon Son, and Paul Agnello. 2011. \uc0\u8220{}Travel by University Students in Virginia: Is This Travel Different from Travel by the General Population?\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Transportation Research Record: Journal of the Transportation Research Board} 2255 (1): 137\uc0\u8211{}45. https://doi.org/10.3141/2255-15.\
Parsley, Emma Corinne, and Tina Marie Waliczek. n.d. \uc0\u8220{}Measuring the Perceptions of Sustainability Initiatives within a University Campus.\uc0\u8221{}\
\uc0\u8220{}Proposal Request for Research on Engineering Ethics.\uc0\u8221{} 2008. March 17, 2008. https://writing.engr.psu.edu/workbooks/proposal.request.html.\
Romanowska, Aleksandra, Romanika Okraszewska, and Kazimierz Jamroz. 2019. \uc0\u8220{}A Study of Transport Behaviour of Academic Communities.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Sustainability} 11 (13): 3519. https://doi.org/10.3390/su11133519.\
Tasic, Ivana, and Richard J. Porter. 2016. \uc0\u8220{}Modeling Spatial Relationships between Multimodal Transportation Infrastructure and Traffic Safety Outcomes in Urban Environments.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Safety Science} 82 (February):325\uc0\u8211{}37. https://doi.org/10.1016/j.ssci.2015.09.021.\
Taylor, Ryan, and Raktim Mitra. 2021. \uc0\u8220{}Commute Satisfaction and Its Relationship to Post-Secondary Students\uc0\u8217{} Campus Participation and Success.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Transportation Research Part D: Transport and Environment} 96 (July):102890. https://doi.org/10.1016/j.trd.2021.102890.\
Teuber, Monika, and Gorden Sudeck. 2021. \uc0\u8220{}Why Do Students Walk or Cycle for Transportation? Perceived Study Environment and Psychological Determinants as Predictors of Active Transportation by University Students.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}International Journal of Environmental Research and Public Health} 18 (4): 1390. https://doi.org/10.3390/ijerph18041390.\
Young, Deborah R., Angie L. Cradock, Amy A. Eyler, Mark Fenton, Margo Pedroso, James F. Sallis, Laurie P. Whitsel, and On behalf of the American Heart Association Advocacy Coordinating Committee. 2020. \uc0\u8220{}Creating Built Environments That Expand Active Transportation and Active Living Across the United States: A Policy Statement From the American Heart Association.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Circulation} 142 (11). https://doi.org/10.1161/CIR.0000000000000878.\
Zhou, Jiangping. 2012. \uc0\u8220{}Sustainable Commute in a Car-Dominant City: Factors Affecting Alternative Mode Choices among University Students.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Transportation Research Part A: Policy and Practice} 46 (7): 1013\uc0\u8211{}29. https://doi.org/10.1016/j.tra.2012.04.001.\
Zhou, Jiangping, Yin Wang, and Jiangyue Wu. 2018. \uc0\u8220{}Mode Choice of Commuter Students in a College Town: An Exploratory Study from the United States.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Sustainability} 10 (9): 3316. https://doi.org/10.3390/su10093316.\
}